Assignment operators. (#833)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS: doc/dds-core-xtypes/README.md

DynamicData data(outer);
//write value
data["b"]["a"].value(42);

> data["b"]["a"] = 23;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data["b"]["a"] = 23; //shortcut 
```

1. `DynamicData` represents a `PrimitiveType` (of `int` as example):
    ```c++
    data.value(42); //sets the value to 42

>     data = 23; // assignment from primitve, sets the value to 23

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    data = 23; // Analogous to the one above, assignment from primitive, sets the value to 23
```
